Update go (#581)
Shopify/kubeaudit: README.md

### DIY build

Main may have newer features than the stable releases. If you need a newer

> feature not yet included in a release, make sure you're using Go 1.22.1+ and run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feature not yet included in a release, make sure you're using the latest Go and run
```

Idea: future-proof - maybe we don't need details here.
